A Professional Web/App Designer & Developer
I provide exceptional creative work at a reasonable price with excellent customer service. 
I guarantee you will love my work and be 100% satisfied with the work. I am offering fast and effective workflow flexible for your desires.

I have good experience and got expertise in WordPress, PHP, MySQL,Magento, HTML, CSS, Responsive designs, E-commerce sites and each area is proved by projects
I have done in the past.I have successfully designed and coded over around 70 websites.

I am working with small, medium-sized, and large businesses right now, helping them improve their rankings and delivering them real, measurable results.

Client’s satisfaction is my first priority. Please try me, I will be a handy candidate on long term basis.


I am a professional web Developer and Designer having good experience. I have held several positions that entail WordPress development 
and designing from scratch, web site modification and maintenance

I am a full time freelancer.I am new to freelancer.in. I am able to complete the project in given time frame.

I have confident that I will do your work very well. I would like to build an awesome working relationship with you by my Expertise, Honestly, Sincerity and Hard Work.

I am available to chat by email or Skype, and would be happy to set up a convenient time to discuss the job you are moving and some ideas about the safest way to get it 
into the cloud.


Having 4 years of experience, in asp.net, c#,  sql , VB.Net, Javascript, Web Development, Windows Development, Reports. Worked in CMM level 
companies. Had completed the Projects solely and also in team.


A hardworking individual with several years of experience, always aiming to learn and apply new things.  

I will be glad to help with your projects:  
* Desktop applications and utilities  
* Web applications/websites 
* Web/Windows services  
* Complex N-tier projects   

Skills :  
C#.NET 
MVC 
Angular
SQL Server  
Web Service 
WCF 
API Development/Integration (Graph API - HighCharts, Client API, Android/IOS API) 
PDF processing (iTextSharp) 
XML Processing 
HTML/CSS 
AJAX 
jQuery 
Javascript

Now seeking to face new challenges and contribute to effective development for your Organisations.



10+ years of experience in Microsoft Technologies and working as a .Net/SQL and MS BI Developer/Lead and Experience in developing and Production Supporting the MSBI
 (SSIS, SSRS and SSAS) applications.Master Data Services(MDS) projects development and support.
?	Primarily hands on experience in Extract, Transform & Load (ETL) development using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
?	Experience in application high level and low level design exposure on performance tuning.
?	Have a experience on tableau reporting.
?	Preparing Unit Test cases and performing the Unit Testing.
?	Very good understanding of software development life cycle.
?	Good Knowledge of T-SQL and Sql Server database concepts.
?	Good knowledge on SQL Query/Performance tuning.
?	Have direct client interaction experience.
?	Quick grasping of new products and adaptation to new environment.
?	Good communication and inter-personnel skills with exceptional ability to learn new technologies and deliver high quality product.


Thanks for your viewing our profile.
 

I am Web-developer and content writerer with over 5 years of experience.

My skills include:
1. Front-end languages: HTML(5), CSS, Javascript/Jquery, Angularjs, vuejs and etc

2. Backend languages: PHP, NodeJS/ExpressJS, Python, Ruby on Rails,ASP.NET, JSP

3. Database Languages: Mysql, MSsql, MongoDB, Graph database.

4. Content writing and proofreading for articles and books with three different languages: English, Arabic, and German. 

Looking Forward to Work With You!



	A Computer Science Graduate and has around 13 years of experience in Business Application Software Development and data processing.
•	An effective team member with proven abilities of designing and implementing flexible solutions which support frequent UI and functionality changes.
•	Have proficiency at various levels of application development viz. Client interaction, defining the system scope, system analysis, high and low level design related 
to client server technology based on ISO 9000-2001 standards.
•	Experience in the Client-Server Technology as well as in web based applications involving all stages of software development lifecycle using MICROSOFT .NET, C#,
 VB.NET, ASP.NET, SQL-SERVER/Oracle 8i, and CRYSTAL REPORTS.
•	Experience on Technologies like COM +, IIS SERVER, ADO.NET, Custom Controls, User Controls XML and WEB SERVICES, WCF, SharePoint, Ajax, JQuery, VSS, SAP.
•	Possess excellent troubleshooting, interpersonal, and time management skills.
•	Ability to analyze, organizes, and schedules my work to meet the deadlines.


Having 12+ years of experience 
Dealing in Web/Mobile/desktop development and related technologies. 
Expert in HTML/PHP/JQuery, Javascript/PhoneGap, NodeJS , ActionScript/Mysql/Client-Server Programming
CMS : Wordpress/Joomla/Magento/OSCommerce
Other Languages : Python/Ruby/Java
Video Streaming/Transcoding: FFmpeg/Wowza/Red5/AMS/Webtrc/Sockets
Addon Skills : Web Scraping,Crawling,Stock/Future/Binary and Stock Trading software,Pine Script, CryptoCurrency software

I am a professional web developer with plenty of experience in developing websites, Desktop Apps, Mobile Apps ranging on various platforms including eCommerce applications, 
dynamic websites, WordPress websites, Android Development and many other.
 I have also years of experience in delivering quality Mobile Development and effective web designing projects that will make your Software identity 
I'm an expert software engineer,  I can finish projects in no time with best quality..  
Youssef Diabvery unique and effective than others.


We are  experienced web programmer who has successfully launched various huge projects and has proven my skill in many opportunity.
I am the responsible for the working and try to keep the best relationship with the customers. 
My Vision : High Quality, High Speed, High Satisfaction! 
- Area of Expertise   
* Magento(Customization , Optimization, Theme &  Extension Development) -3.5 years
*  PHP ( WordPress, Laravel) - 5 Years
*  Android and iOS ( Google Map, JSON, XML, Social Media integration, UI, OOP concept, third party library integration, Optimization, security, Sqlite) - 3 Years
* Web Design (PSD to HTML,PSD to Magneto,Responsive Design)-3 Years
* Graphics Design (Logo Design,Banner Design,flyer Design, Visiting Card, illustrator Design)-3 Years
*  Database (MySQL) - 2 Years
*  Server Management, DB Management
--- More Flexible Every field of technology and trends ---
Thanks a million.


I am a Software engineer having experience related to Data Finding since I started to explore Internet. In addition with I have done projects related to Web Designing and Development 
during my University carrier. Moreover I have experience related to Excel(Data Entry) ,Logo Designing and also in PDF conversion. 
I am working in a team to provide you quality wise project/service according to your need and deliver your project on time.
Experties:
•	Logo Design
•	Photoshop
•	Web Scraping (Email, SSID, Name, Address, Graduation Uni/year or anything)
•	Web Searching
•	Data Entry
•	MS Excel
•	PDF to Excel
•	MS Word
•	PDF to Word
•	PowerPoint(slides/animations/themes)
•	Proofreading
•	Photoshop (enhancement/background removal etc.)
•	WordPress
•	Responsive Web Design (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap)
•	Web Development (PHP, ASP. NET, WordPress)
•	Photography by passion
Services:
?	Accuracy
?	Quality Work
?	Customer satisfaction is my first "Priority" 
?	Time Commitment
?	Availability


I am glad that you have considered me for your project. The things that I do are:-

1. On time delivery.
2. The best quality work will be delivered.
3.  I will provide 24 X 7 service. I am flexible with my hours.
4.  I will take note of every single details and all will be taken care of.
5.  You will pay me after the work is done and if you like it.
6.  After completion support.

My aim is to make my clients happy and the only way I can do it is by my work. So lets work together. Thank you in advance. Looking forward.

Website Building, Business, E-Commerce, Travel & Hotel, Reservation, Recruitment, Sports
 Technokeens is a software development company specialized in internet software. We are the leaders in developing innovative IT solutions on a range of platforms
 including WORDPRESS, PHP, CodeIgniter,  MySQL, AJAX and Javascript. 

The QUALITY of our work speaks for itself, and the fact that our company has grown exponentially since it's formation in December 2014 is a testimony to our work ethic.

WHY YOU CAN TRUST:
~ Project completion is 100% guarantee.
~ 100% on time project delivery.
~ 100% customer satisfaction.
~ Easy Milestone Payment terms & no upfront release necessary
~ Good 24/7 communication availability


I Really Have Respect For My Clients
I am responsible, energetic and smart web developer who loves to give you a smart output within specific time with my skills and hard work. 
I can help you to fix any kind of web related problem 
and I'm confident you will love my working style. Hopefully you will give me this opportunity.




Mr. Banerjee was senior consultant at Tata Consultancy Services and IBM Global Services where he worked as ERP consultant of Oracle application.
 He worked as a free lancer consultant at several industries. Having 8 years of domain expertise on telecom and Energy Utility sector he has thought of
 starting his new company Eclipse Technology Solutions. He has received several honors 
from domestic and international clients for his extra ordinary contributions to their projects. He was a expert on Oracle Workflow


We are the team of CodeGente, a leading firm based in Jaipur. When it comes to technical services, we are experts. We provide all major IT solutions including Web development, Mobile App development,  Mobile solutions, Quality Assurance, Embedded System and Content Writing. 

* Why go with us *
?Embedded System: Hardware & Software
?Quality Assurance: Validation & Automation
?Content Writing: eBook/Book Writing,  Academic Writing, Thesis/Research Reports,  Proofreading & Editing, Article & Content Writing.
?Web Design: Responsive Design, Schema Ready, SEO Optimised, Clean and well-commented codes.
?Software Development: Any requirement, clean codes, fast response, Simple UI
?App Development: Native iOS and Android App.
?Web Development: PHP, MySQL, JQuery, JS, Wordpress, Magento, CakePHP, laravel.

**Extra Benefits *
* Effective cost of the project
* Cross Browser compatibility
* Free after delivery support: Free 3 months support for existing development




































